[nrf noup] Adapt Android CHIPTool guide to Wi-Fi devices (#109)
nrfconnect/sdk-connectedhomeip: docs/guides/nrfconnect_android_commissioning.md

You need the following hardware and software for commissioning the nRF Connect
accessory using Android CHIPTool:

-   1x smartphone with Android 8+
-   1x Wi-Fi Access Point supporting IPv6 (without the IPv6 Router Advertisement
    Guard enabled on the router)

> -   1x nRF52840 DK (PCA10056) for running the example application. You can

Reviewer: Can we clarify here which DKs are compatible with Thread and Wi-Fi?

Author: Added clarification.

> -   1x nRF52840 DK (PCA10056) for running the example application. You can

Reviewer 2: No, the NCS docs should rather have fully-spelled numbers. In the Matter docs, we can be more liberal. Leave as-is.

    replace this DK with another compatible device, such as the nRF5340 DK or
    nRF7002 DK.
-   1x nRF52840 DK for running the
    [OpenThread Radio Co-Processor](https://openthread.io/platforms/co-processor)
    firmware. You can replace this DK with another compatible device, such
    as the nRF52840 Dongle.
    > This piece of hardware is only needed if you're testing a Thread device
    > and can be skipped if the device operates in a Wi-Fi network.
-   1x Raspberry Pi Model 3B+ or newer (along with an SD card with at least 8 GB of
    memory)
    > This piece of hardware is only needed if you're testing a Thread device

>     > and can be skipped if the device operates in a Wi-Fi network.

Author: Sure

<hr>

<a name="setting-up-thread-border-router"></a>

## Setting up Thread Border Router

> This step is only needed if you're testing a Thread device and can be skipped

> > if the device operates in a Wi-Fi network.

Author: It's just unnecessary, I'll follow your suggestion.

## Commissioning accessory device

To commission the accessory device into the Matter fabric, complete the
following steps:

1.  Enable **Bluetooth** and **Location** services on your smartphone.
2.  Connect the smartphone to your Wi-Fi Access Point. If you're testing a
    Thread device, verify that the OpenThread Border Router is connected to the

>     same AP.

Author: No, this should already be done as a part of the OTBR setup (covered by external docs). I can move this advise to the section which references external OTBR docs though.

>     same AP.

Author: Move to another section

3.  Open the CHIPTool application on your smartphone.

> 4.  Tap the **PROVISION CHIP DEVICE WITH THREAD** button and scan the
>     commissioning QR code.
>     > If you're testing a Wi-Fi device, you need to tap the
>     > **PROVISION CHIP DEVICE WITH WI-FI** button, instead.
>     The network credentials screen appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4.  Depending on your testing scenario, tap one of the following buttons and scan the
    commissioning QR code:

    - **PROVISION CHIP DEVICE WITH THREAD** for Matter over Thread.
    - **PROVISION CHIP DEVICE WITH WI-FI** for Matter over Wi-Fi.

    The network credentials screen appears.
```

Author: Done

> 5.  In the network credentials screen, specify parameters of your Thread or
>     Wi-Fi network and tap the **SAVE NETWORK** button. Several notifications
>     appear, informing you of the progress of scanning, connecting, and pairing
>     with the device. At the end of this process, the application returns to the
>     main menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5.  In the network credentials screen, specify parameters of your network and tap the **SAVE NETWORK** button. Several notifications
    appear, informing you of the progress of scanning, connecting, and pairing
    with the device. At the end of this process, the application returns to the
    main menu.
```

Author: Done
